it's hard to believe it's been that long
but it's been exactly a year now since
jason mcelwayne is big night for greece
Athena high school in case you missed
his story Jason is autistic he was a
student manager for his team but then he
got in a game and he hit six
three-pointers in four minutes it was
the only varsity game in which he ever
played the instant celebrity he got that
night has calmed down some now Jason is
working at a grocery store and also
working on his GED but the impact he had
that night extended far beyond his home
town Tom Rinaldi now with more on a very
special anniversary hope were a blue
shirt and black time
who knew hope spent hours shooting
baskets banana DGM
worked all his life for a slim chance to
play in just one game
who hope
four minutes and three seconds to go
it was just amazing
Greece Athena high schools in upstate
New York
with his team up by 20 that's when
number 52 Jason Mikkel the team manager
and a 17 year old with autism entered
the game his first shut up
miss so babe
I just like actually put my head in my
hands I said dear God please let's just
helping the best those prayers be
answered
shop
after shock
and after shop
it was just as a pistol buckets that
night
Hansa started or Lots when it was over
Jason was 7 for 13 6 of 10 from
three-point range 20 points in all
in his first and only varsity basketball
game j-mac was the high school
you didn't have to belch the store I saw
something that actually happened that
people aren't gonna believe Millions
ended up seeing Jamie X moment and in
the months that followed everyone wanted
to meet him including the president and
Magic Johnson who is Co producing a
movie about Jason's life it touched
every emotion in your body
to cheer for guys like Jamie that was
his moment to shine that was his moment
to say hey you know what I'm just a
regular kid doing regular kid things
still more important than the fame and
the photo ops were the cards and letters
thousands that Jason received but one
about one boy
stood out
our son Erik is three years old he was
diagnosed with autism in January 2005
it was fun seeing your game on TV
over-over we cried every time we watched
it thanks for giving us
I just felt very necessary to write a
letter just to let them know how much
that moment meant to us as a family and
I put in a video of Eric shooting hoops
just so they could see that he's also a
little basketball player
we just want him to say that you know
a young kid who has autism and may be
trying to follow in his footsteps
Kelly and Terry tunnel have played and
coached basketball most of their lives
so they expected their three-year-old
son Eric would love the game they didn't
expect to learn last year that Eric was
autistic
everything goes through your mind of
you know what's next who's gonna help us
angry we got a man you know why I mean
why us
why this happening
sadness
and then
you come out bite if Terry Connelly has
big dreams for Eric it's because some of
his dreams have come true
1991 Terry Connelly was the captain of
the Richmond spiders when they beat
Syracuse
one of the biggest upsets in NCAA
tournament history the highlight of his
basketball life until he saw the
highlight of Jane
greater than the power richmond beauty
therapy for me it's gonna make more
people understand what all to the
minutes it's going to help Eric next
year and a year after year after and
that's a special thing
so hope continues to shoot baskets in an
empty gym remembers the magic of those
shots falling
and knows how one night and one game
touched so many and touched one family
there was a doubt I guess we first
learned the very thought is emitted get
part of something and see the AMAC new
day I think well he can be a parson
just maybe
I can hold on to the hope that there
can play basketball one day and my only
be for two minutes why do you think that
night
showed that to me what did it show Jason
the sky's the limit
give it all the upper that you can catch
a dream and never give up